Sir, I'm going to call security if you play me like this
Forget it, little brother, let's go
Ah, no, sorry for swiping the wrong password.
One more time.
Sir, I'll go and pack it for you right away.
Where did you get so much money?
Guess what?
Oh, how can I finish wearing so many clothes?
I didn't buy it for you, what are you worried about?
Ah, of course I bought it for my wife
Don't you want to know if this card is genuine?
Believe it now
Humph be careful
My wife should be very happy this time, right?
I thank you.
Wasting my precious job search time?
Sister Tan is also looking for a job
I can apply to my wife.
Find you a job at Youth Group
Oh, it seems that the person who takes care of you is very powerful.